Fix/fix consistency release page (#146)
chargetrip/developers: content/release-notes.md

### ⚡️ New features

- Added the input argument `operators` to the `newRoute` mutation! We are happy to announce the release of a tiered preferred operator system and the ability to exclude operators from routing! From now on, in your route request, you will be able to add what operators you want us to prefer in order of ranking, and let us know if there are operators you wish to exclude from the route calculation! The same functionality is possible to include in the config of your client ID, which will soon be possible to adjust in the dashboard; get in touch with us directly until then.

</release-note>

<release-note title="3.30.0 - Improved Charge Time estimates" date="1-09-2021">

### ✨ Improvements

> - Improved our charge time estimates by introducing a generalized charge curve model that accounts for the On Board Charging (OBC) power threshold and drop-off characteristic at a higher state of charges. The generalized charge curve model is used for all cars for which we have sufficient data. We will increase our coverage over time when more data becomes available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved our charge time estimates by introducing a generalized charge curve model that accounts for the On Board Charging (OBC) power threshold and drop-off characteristic at higher state of charges. The generalized charge curve model is used for all cars for which we have sufficient data. We will increase our coverage over time when more data becomes available.
```

</release-note>

<release-note title="3.29.0 - E2E Maintenance" date="24-08-2021">

### ✨ Improvements

> - Improved end to end tests by lowering the memory usage.

Reviewer: Add end-user benefit here. 

```suggestion
- Improved release times by lowering the memory usage on our end to end tests.
```

### ✨ Improvements

- Improved the description of the power field for connectors and adapters to: "Usable electric power in kW".

### 🐞️ Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue where the route mutation returned an internal server error when the `operatorPrefer` parameter was set to `true` and the `operatorIds` parameter set to `null`.

> - Fixed an issue with `safeRiskMargin` - it also accepted `null` while it should only accept an integer between 0 and 60.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `safeRiskMargin` could be set to `null`. An integer between 0 and 60 is now required.
```

### ✨ Improvements

- Improved how routes should be queried. A single additional `route` query is no longer needed after you started a `route` subscription.

### 🐞️ Bug fixes

- Removed the unused operator and station subscriptions.

> - Fixed an issue where in some cases the wrong connector type was selected at charge stations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where in some cases an incorrect connector type was selected at charge stations.
```

### ⚡️ New features

> - Added an extensive Eco-Movement integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an exclusive Eco-Movement integration.
```
